Add a `wit-version` keyword to the WIT syntax. (#126)
WebAssembly/component-model: design/mvp/WIT.md

keywords is still in flux at this time but the current set is:

```wit

> keyword ::= 'wit-version'

Reviewer: why not make this just `version` if you have wit in the file extension?
```suggestion
keyword ::= 'version'
```

## Top-level items

> A `wit` document starts with a `wit-version` followed by a string specifying

Reviewer: to make the transition smoother, the version can be optional with a default value

> a version of the language. Currently the only supported version is "0xa".

Reviewer: I would suggest we follow [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) (at least in the WIT IDL), but could be something more concise in binary format. Similar examples can be found in the [OpenAPI](https://swagger.io/specification/#appendix-a-revision-history) and in the [Smithy IDL](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/idl.html#smithy-version).

```suggestion
a version of the language. Currently the only supported version is "1.0.0".
```
